Illinois Massmail
COVID-19 vaccine booster requirement
January 6, 2022 11:23 AM
Dear Faculty, Staff and Students,
As you have likely seen, the University of Illinois System sent this email message requiring that all faculty, staff and students receive a COVID-19 vaccine booster shot as soon as they are eligible.
We are in full support of this requirement. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has already been recommending that everyone should receive a COVID-19 vaccine booster. With the emergence of the Omicron variant and holiday travel, increasing positive COVID-19 cases present real risks, and the requirement of a booster shot adds to our multi-layered approach to maximizing everyone’s safety.
We know the toll the COVID-19 pandemic has placed on everyone, and we understand that quickly changing information—especially during winter break—can be confusing. We plan to provide time for everyone to receive their booster (when they are eligible) to meet this new requirement, and we will provide more information to you after the Spring 2022 semester begins.
COVID-19 Vaccine Boosters
If you have already received a COVID-19 booster, thank you for doing your part to protect yourself and those around you.
If you have not received a COVID-19 vaccine booster and are eligible, we strongly encourage you to receive a booster before you return to campus if you are able. You can find appointments at pharmacies in your area on this website. (Note: If you are a student and are not able to receive a booster before you return to campus, you can make an appointment in the MyMcKinley Portal to receive a booster when you return to campus.)
If you received all your doses in the state of Illinois and you already have a verified vaccine record on file, you do NOT need to upload your booster record to the MyMcKinley Portal at this time. All Illinois-based vaccines should be automatically captured in the McKinley Medicat system within a few weeks of receiving your vaccination.
If you received any of your COVID-19 vaccine shots (first dose, second dose or booster) outside the state of Illinois, you should upload your record to the MyMcKinley Portal.
Thank you for your patience and understanding as we continue to make science-based decisions to maximize the safety of our university community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
