Illinois Massmail
COVID-19 bivalent boosters available next week
September 9, 2022 10:42 AM
Dear Faculty, Staff and Students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) has announced they will be hosting COVID-19 bivalent vaccination clinics for Champaign County residents next week. Individuals aged 50 and older are currently eligible, and individuals aged 12 and older will be eligible beginning Sept. 14. Both Pfizer and Moderna vaccines will be available.
On September 1, 2022, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) endorsed the CDC Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices’ (ACIP) recommendations for use of updated COVID-19 boosters from Pfizer-BioNTech for people ages 12 years and older and from Moderna for people ages 18 years and older. The updated COVID-19 boosters add Omicron BA.4 and BA.5 spike protein components to the current vaccine composition, helping to restore protection that has waned since previous vaccination by targeting variants that are more transmissible and immune-evading. Learn more about bivalent boosters here.
Eligibility
Champaign County residents aged 50 and older are currently eligible.
Champaign County residents aged 12 and older will be eligible beginning Sept. 14.
It must be two months after the completion of your primary vaccine series (first and second dose) OR two months after your last booster shot.
Appointments & Location
Champaign-Urbana Public Health District – 201 W. Kenyon Road, Champaign
Beginning Sept. 12, Monday through Thursday
8:30 a.m. – 4:00 p.m.
Appointments will be required due to limited availability of both Pfizer and Moderna vaccines. Sign up for an appointment or call (217) 531-4934 for assistance
CUPHD is leading vaccination distribution for employees in our county. People with questions should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org). Additional information on COVID-19 vaccinations can be found on CUPHD’s website.
Employees can utilize accrued vacation or sick leave to accompany a child or family member to get a vaccine or booster. If you are eligible, I hope you will strongly consider receiving a bivalent booster as we work to continue to maximize safety for our entire community.
Sincerely,
Mike DeLorenzoVice Chancellor for Administration and Operations
This mailing approved by:
Vice Chancellor for Administration and Operations
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
