Illinois Massmail
COVID-19 bivalent boosters and flu shots
September 15, 2022 12:42 PM
Dear Students,
Students Only: Bivalent COVID Booster
McKinley Health Center announces that they have a limited supply of Moderna, Bivalent COVID Booster available for STUDENTS only. We are offering the booster this weekend and anticipate opening up other appointment slots as vaccine is available. Schedule an appointment through your MyMcKinley portal for Saturday, September 17th from 8:30am – 2:30pm to receive the latest COVID booster. Review the following eligibility requirements before scheduling: must be 18+ years of age; two months have passed since you completed your primary COVID vaccine series (first and second doses) or two months have passed since your most recent booster.
The Center for Disease Control has the following recommendations when considering COVID Vaccines:
▪ At a minimum, defer any COVID-19 vaccination, including bivalent booster vaccination, at least until recovery from the acute illness (if symptoms were present) and criteria to discontinue isolation have been met.
▪ People who recently had SARS-CoV-2 infection may consider delaying any COVID-19 vaccination, including bivalent booster vaccination, by 3 months from symptom onset or positive test (if infection was asymptomatic).
▪ Individual factors such as risk of COVID-19 severe disease, COVID-19 community level, or characteristics of the predominant SARS-CoV-2 strain should be taken into account when determining whether to delay getting a COVID-19   vaccination after infection.
You Call The Shots: FREE Flu VaccinesBeginning Monday, September 20th, McKinley Health Center will launch their flu campaign, You Call The Shots. Student who have paid the health service fee and benefit eligible state employees and retirees will be able to get their FREE flu shot. McKinley Health Center’s onsite flu clinic will be open Monday – Friday, 9:00am-3:30pm. A number of outreach locations will also begin on Monday, Sept. 20th. Be sure to check out our flu outreach schedule for additional times and locations. We have implemented an electronic consent form. You will need a mobile/electronic device and a form of ID (I-card/driver’s license). For faculty, staff and retirees they will need to also present their health insurance card from a state-sponsored health plan.
Sincerely,
Awais VaidDirector, McKinley Health Center
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs
sent to:
Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
