Illinois Massmail
Vaccine appointments for students this week
April 12, 2021 11:09 AM
Dear students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) has announced that all individuals 16 years of age or older who live or work in Champaign County are now eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that all students are now eligible to make an appointment. There are a select number available below. See the full CUPHD press release here.
Please note mandatory testing requirements are still in place for individuals who are fully vaccinated.
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
Locations
Campus Recreation Center East (CRCE)1102 W. Gregory Dr., Urbana
Online appointments: http://mymckinley.illinois.edu/illinois.edu
Log in with your NetID and password
Click on the appointment icon on the homepage
Follow the instructions
Email address for questions and assistance: studenthealthcenter@illinois.edu
Note: The Moderna vaccine will be administered at this location this week.
You must be up-to-date on your COVID-19 testing and show a “Building Access Granted” status in the Safer Illinois app or the Boarding Pass on the day of your appointment at this location.
Promise Healthcare819 Bloomington Road, Champaign
Phone appointments: (217) 403-5402
Individuals will need to register as a patient.
Carle at Kohl’s Plaza1901 N. Market Street, Champaign (previously the Dress Barn location)
Those interested in receiving their vaccination at Kohl’s Plaza in Champaign should request to be notified of available appointments online at: https://tinyurl.com/CarleCCvax.
Area Pharmacies
Please continue to check the websites of local pharmacies for available appointments.
Area pharmacies may add new appointment slots throughout the week, so continue to check their websites frequently.
You can use https://vaccinefinder.org to look for available appointments nearby.
We will send another message when CUPHD has more vaccine appointments available. As a reminder, the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District is leading vaccination distribution for our county. The university shares information from CUPHD when it is relevant to faculty, staff or students. The university does not control the vaccine appointments, timelines or community clinic locations.
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must continue to be as diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Mandatory testing requirements are still in place for individuals who are fully vaccinated.
Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on the guidance of our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Graduate Students & Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
