Illinois Massmail
SHIELD CU testing available April 8 for university family members
April 7, 2021 8:17 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
We are pleased to invite members of your family and households to participate in COVID-19 testing through SHIELD CU beginning this Thursday, April 8.
The previous program launch was delayed due to an unexpected minor technical issue with the Safer Community app. The issue has been fixed for both Apple and Android users. Several successful tests have now been performed, and we are pleased to extend testing at the State Farm Center to all family and household members of faculty, staff and students 8 years of age and older.
SHIELD CU details for university family members
Family members must download, sign up and use the Safer Community app to be tested and receive results. Please make sure your family members use the latest version of the app.
Family members must enter the UIN of their university sponsor (faculty, staff or student) when prompted in the Safer Community app. The sponsor must then verify the relationship using their Safer Illinois app. This must be done before testing.
The cost will be $10 per test administered to a family or household member. The total for all tests administered to all family members will be charged to the university sponsor once per month. No fee will be charged for invalid tests.
Family members can only be tested at select lines designated for SHIELD CU at the State Farm Center testing site during designated hours. Hours are currently Tuesday, Thursday and Friday: 8 – 11:30 a.m. and noon – 4 p.m., Saturday: 8 a.m. – noon, Sunday: 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. Hours are subject to change, so please continue to check the website.
Tests are processed separately from campus testing. Please plan with the understanding that test results may take up to 48 hours.
University family members may begin testing on Thursday, April 8.
Complete details, including FAQs about insurance coverage and travel, can be found at shieldcu.illinois.edu.
As always, thank you for your patience and participation as we work to maximize the safety of our community through the SHIELD CU program.
Sincerely,
Wanda WardExecutive Associate Chancellor for Administration and University RelationsSHIELD CU Co-Lead  Neal CohenProfessor of PsychologyDirector, Interdisciplinary Health Sciences InstituteSHIELD CU Co-Lead
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
