Illinois Massmail
Vaccine appointments for this week
April 19, 2021 10:07 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) has announced that there are COVID-19 appointments available in our community, and all faculty, staff and students are eligible. Sign up for an appointment below. See the full CUPHD press release here.
Please note mandatory testing requirements are still in place for individuals who are fully vaccinated.
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
Locations
Campus Recreation Center East (CRCE)1102 W. Gregory Dr., Urbana
Note: This location is intended for students.
Appointments are available on Tuesday for the Moderna vaccine and Wednesday, Thursday and Friday for the Pfizer vaccine.
Online appointments: https://mymckinley.illinois.edu
Log in with your NetID and password
Click on the appointment icon on the homepage
Follow the instructions
Email address for questions and assistance: studenthealthcenter@illinois.edu
You must be up-to-date on your COVID-19 testing and show a “Building Access Granted” status in the Safer Illinois app or the Boarding Pass on the day of your appointment at this location.
OSF HealthCare at the Rantoul Youth Center1306 Country Club Lane, Rantoul
Online appointments for Monday: https://www.signupgenius.com/go/9040F44A4AE22AAFF2-osfcuphd3
Online appointments for Tuesday: https://www.signupgenius.com/go/9040F44A4AE22AAFF2-osfcuphd4
Phone appointments: (217) 892-6844
Email address for questions and assistance: vaccinations@myrantoul.com
Christie Clinic at Meadowbrook Community Church1902 S. Duncan Road, Champaign
Online appointments: https://www.christieclinic.com/about/covid-19-vaccination/
Stay up-to-date on community-based COVID-19 vaccination clinics by downloading the Christie Clinic app and opting in to notifications.
Note: This site will only be accepting those fitting the criteria who are 18+ years of age.
Promise Healthcare819 Bloomington Road, Champaign
Phone appointments: (217) 403-5402
Individuals will need to register as a patient.
Carle at Kohl’s Plaza1901 N. Market Street, Champaign (previously the Dress Barn location)
Those interested in receiving their vaccination at Kohl’s Plaza in Champaign should request to be notified of available appointments online at: https://tinyurl.com/CarleCCvax.
Area Pharmacies
Please continue to check the websites of local pharmacies for available appointments.
Area pharmacies may add new appointment throughout the week, so continue to check their websites frequently.
You can use https://vaccinefinder.org to look for available appointments nearby.
We encourage members of the university community to be vaccinated if and when they are able to do so. We also acknowledge that some individuals have health conditions or other reasons why they cannot be vaccinated. See here for more guidance about vaccination status.
CUPHD is advising that all individuals who are eligible and able take the first opportunity to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. If possible, you are encouraged to return to the same location for your second dose. But if that is not possible, the health department in your home county should be able to schedule and administer your second dose if you contact them and explain your situation. Be sure to have your vaccine record card when you contact them.
We will send another message when CUPHD has more vaccine appointments available. As a reminder, the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District is leading vaccination distribution for our county. The university shares information from CUPHD when it is relevant to faculty, staff or students. The university does not control the vaccine appointments, timelines or community clinic locations.
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must continue to be as diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Mandatory testing requirements are still in place for individuals who are fully vaccinated.
Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on the guidance of our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
