Illinois Massmail
Transition to Illinois App for COVID-19 Building Access Status
December 2, 2021 10:02 AM
Dear Faculty, Staff & Students,
As a next step in our COVID-19 response, the university will be transitioning to the Illinois App as the primary way for faculty, staff and students to display their COVID-19 Building Access Status. This operational shift is intended to keep the most-used feature of the Safer Illinois app while making it easier for students (using one app instead of several) and more efficient for university operations. We’re hopeful this shift will also provide better support and customer service for our faculty, staff and students if they encounter any issues or questions.
If you already have the Illinois App:
The new Building Access Status element is ready to use.
See more information about the new feature on the Illinois App website.
If you do not already have the Illinois App:
We encourage you to download it from the App Store (for iPhone users) or Google Play (for Android users) before the Spring semester.
See more information about how to use the Illinois App and learn about its additional features on the Illinois App website:
Athletics info (schedules, scores, news)
Events (by topic, by proximity, by date)
Wallet (Illini Cash, Illini ID, MTD bus pass)
Quick Polls (post questions to people near you)
Campus Guide (quick links to popular resources)
Groups (post announcements, host chats, publish events in the app)
The COVID-19 Boarding Pass will continue to be an alternate way faculty, staff and students can display their Building Access Status. The Safer Illinois app will continue to be operational, but we do plan to move away from it sometime during the Spring semester, and we will notify the university community before doing so. If you have any questions or concerns about building access procedures, please visit the Building Access page on the COVID-19 website or email covid-19@illinois.edu.
As we continue this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic, I sincerely appreciate your understanding as we make changes to our university response to best serve our university community. I am grateful for your continued patience and support.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
