Illinois Massmail
Guidance for non-instruction days
February 16, 2021 10:02 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
As you know, this Wednesday, Feb. 17 is our first of three non-instruction days in the modified Spring 2021 academic calendar. As a reminder, non-instruction days are to be left entirely free of any mandatory course obligations. These days are intended to provide important and necessary breaks for our students.
Students, if you have concerns regarding course obligations on these non-instruction days, you are encouraged to contact the head or chair of the department offering the course. Department head names and contact information can be accessed by selecting the course subject in the Spring 2021 Class Schedule and clicking on that subject. The head of department and contact information is listed at the top of the page, above all course numbers and titles offered in that subject.
Instructors, I encourage you to once again review your course syllabus and schedule to be sure there are no exams, assignments or required class meetings on these days. Without a week-long spring break this semester and given the heightened stress associated with the ongoing pandemic, it is critically important to our students’ wellness to honor these non-instruction days. Please continue to be mindful throughout the semester as well, and please also review this guide from the University of Illinois System on supporting students’ wellbeing and promoting a sense of community during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thank you all for your understanding and patience as we continue to navigate another challenging semester. I am most grateful for your continued compassion for one another and your commitment to the wellbeing of everyone in the community.
Sincerely,
Andreas C. CangellarisVice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
