Illinois Massmail
Vaccines available from CUPHD for Champaign County residents 75 years of age and older
January 8, 2021 10:29 AM
Dear faculty and staff,
I am writing to make sure you are aware of some important news from the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD). They announced today that COVID-19 vaccines are now available for Champaign County residents who are 75 years of age and older.
CUPHD is partnering with area healthcare organizations to provide vacations by appointment to eligible Champaign County residents at two vaccination clinics next week. Full details can be found in the CUPHD press release, but we have outlined the high-level details below. Champaign County residents with questions about vaccines should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org).
Eligibility
You must live in Champaign County.
You must be 75 years of age or older.
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
Appointments will take place from Tuesday, Jan. 12 to Thursday, Jan. 14 from 7:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Appointments are available at either location below, regardless of where you receive care.
Vaccination Locations
1901 N. Market Street, Champaign(previously the Dress Barn location in the Kohl’s Plaza)
To schedule an appointment, log in or sign up for MyCarle at MyCarle.com.
Scheduling is also available by calling (217) 902-6100.
1900 S. 1st Street, Champaign (east wing of the iHotel and Conference Center)
The quickest way to schedule is online at https://www.signupgenius.com/go/60B054CA8A82CA5F94-covid1.
Scheduling is also available by calling (217) 239-7877.
CUPHD is leading vaccination distribution for employees in our county, and the university will share information with you as it becomes available. University employees who live in other counties should seek information from the county in which they live.
CUPHD does not anticipate the vaccine being widely available until spring, so if you are not in the group scheduled for vaccination in this round, please be patient. We do not yet know which groups will be offered the vaccine next or when. As we learn more information about next steps, we will update the campus community as soon as we are able. Please continue to check the university’s COVID-19 vaccination page for the most updated information.
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must still continue to be diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert. J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty & Extra Help
Massmail Archive
•
