Illinois Massmail
Important Spring 2021 Update: Requirements & Expectations
January 11, 2021 10:06 AM
Dear faculty and staff,
I hope you had a restful Winter Break after a challenging fall semester. I am so grateful to you for taking actions to protect our entire university community in the fall. Even with the promise of vaccinations, this is a critically important time to be vigilant about our COVID-19 guidelines. Below is a summary of information you will need to know in the coming weeks to maximize safety for everyone in the Spring 2021 semester. Here is the message we sent to all students with additional specific information.
COVID-19 TestingFaculty and staff who participate in any on-campus activities are required to continue their twice-per-week on-campus COVID-19 testing schedules. We are also encouraging all faculty and staff who travel away from campus to test immediately upon return and limit your activities to essential, such as attending work, testing, visiting the pharmacy and buying groceries, until you receive two negative on-campus test results if you are able to do so. See the current list of on-campus COVID-19 testing site locations here.
COVID-19 VaccinationsThe Illinois Department of Public Health is coordinating with the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) to distribute COVID-19 vaccines for our community. More information about COVID-19 vaccinations can be found here.
Building AccessAs in the fall semester, Wellness Support Associates (WSA) may be stationed inside entrances to facilities where in-person classes are being held. At each WSA-staffed entrance, any individual (faculty, staff or student) who wishes to enter must show the WSA their building entry status with the Safer Illinois app or the Boarding Pass. More information about building access can be found here.
Quarantine & IsolationEmployees are required to comply with quarantine and isolation guidelines from the university and Champaign-Urbana Public Health District. Failure to follow these guidelines can result in disciplinary action. More information about quarantine and isolation can be found here.
Online COVID-19 TrainingAll faculty and staff who did not finish the COVID-19 online training previously are required to complete it before Monday, Jan. 25. I encourage everyone else to consider taking it again as a reminder.
Face Coverings & Social DistancingWe will continue to require everyone to practice social distancing on campus and to wear face coverings in university facilities unless they are alone in a private space. Face coverings are also required for outdoor campus spaces where sufficient social distancing is not possible.
I sincerely appreciate your understanding as we continue to make decisions and take actions to maximize the safety of our students, faculty, staff and greater community. I know how hard this has been for every single one of you reading this, and I am so proud to be part of a university where so many people make the well-being of others their top priority.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty & Extra Help
Massmail Archive
•
