Illinois Massmail
Vaccines for Champaign County residents 65 years of age and older
January 21, 2021 10:59 AM
Dear faculty and staff,
I am writing to make sure you are aware of some important news from the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD). They announced today that COVID-19 vaccines are now available for Champaign County residents who are 65 years of age and older.
Full details can be found in this CUPHD press release, but we have outlined the high-level details below. Champaign County residents with questions about vaccines should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org).
Eligibility
You must live in Champaign County.
You must be 65 years of age or older.
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
Appointments will take place next week.
Appointments are available at either location below, regardless of where you receive care.
Vaccination Locations
1901 N. Market Street, Champaign(Previously the Dress Barn location in the Kohl’s Plaza)
To schedule an appointment, call (217) 902-6100.
1900 S. 1st Street, Champaign(East wing of the I Hotel and Conference Center)
The quickest way to schedule is online at https://www.signupgenius.com/go/60b054ca8a82ca5f94-additional.
Scheduling is also available by calling (217) 239-7877.
At this time, the university does not control who receives the vaccine in what order or the timelines. CUPHD does not anticipate the vaccine being widely available until later this spring, so if you are not in the group scheduled for vaccination in this round, please be patient. We do not yet know which groups will be offered the vaccine next or when.
Currently, vaccines are being distributed by the county where the person resides, and CUPHD is leading distribution for our county. University employees who live in other counties should seek information from the county in which they live.
As we learn more information about next steps, we will update the campus community as soon as we are able. Please continue to check the university’s COVID-19 vaccination page for the most updated information.
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must continue to be as diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert. J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty & Extra Help
Massmail Archive
•
