Illinois Massmail
Guidance for non-instruction day on March 24
March 19, 2021 9:42 AM
Dear Faculty, Staff and Students,
As you know, this Wednesday, March 24 is the next non-instruction day in the modified Spring 2021 academic calendar. As a reminder, non-instruction days are to be left entirely free of any mandatory course obligations. This also means work should not be increased immediately before or after these days in a way that does not allow for a break. These days are intended to provide important and necessary rest for our students.
Students, if you have concerns regarding course obligations on these non-instruction days, you are encouraged to contact the head or chair of the department offering the course. Department head/chair names and contact information can be accessed by selecting the course subject in the Spring 2021 Class Schedule and clicking on that subject. The head/chair of department and contact information is listed at the top of the page, above all course numbers and titles offered in that subject.
Instructors, I encourage you to once again review your course syllabus and schedule to be sure there are no exams, assignments or required class meetings on these non-instruction days. Without a week-long spring break this semester and given the heightened stress associated with the ongoing pandemic, we all appreciate how critical these days are to our students’ wellness. Also, let me take this opportunity to remind you of this guide from the University of Illinois System on supporting students’ wellbeing and promoting a sense of community during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Thank you all for your understanding and patience as we continue to navigate another challenging semester. I am most grateful for your continued compassion for one another and your commitment to the wellbeing of everyone in the community.
Sincerely,
Andreas C. CangellarisVice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
