Illinois Massmail
COVID-19 testing for university family members
March 23, 2021 2:01 PM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
I am pleased to announce that our university COVID-19 saliva test is now available for family and household members of University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign faculty, staff and students through SHIELD CU, a partnership program with OSF HealthCare. See more information about SHIELD CU here.
SHIELD CU details for university family members
All household and family members of faculty, staff and students who are eight years old or older are eligible.
Family members must download, sign up and use the Safer Community app to be tested and receive results.
Family members must enter the UIN of their university sponsor (faculty, staff or student) when prompted in the Safer Community app. The sponsor must then verify the relationship using their Safer Illinois app. This must be done before testing. Read more about this here.
The cost will be $10 per test administered to a family or household member. The total for all tests administered to all family members will be charged to the university sponsor once per month. Read more about this here.
Family members can only be tested at select lines designated for SHIELD CU at the State Farm Center testing site.
University family members testing will begin on Friday, April 2.
University family members are one of the first groups given the opportunity to use SHIELD CU, an exciting partnership with OSF HealthCare to bring the university-developed SHIELD ecosystem to the local community. SHIELD CU plans to expand testing soon to other community groups, including local schools.
I hope you will take advantage of this opportunity. If you have any questions about testing for family and households, please email SHIELDcu@illinois.edu.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
