Illinois Massmail
Vaccines for higher education employees
March 22, 2021 11:02 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) has announced that there are a select number of COVID-19 vaccine appointments available, and higher education employees, including student employees, are now eligible. Individuals in 1A and 1B categories, including Champaign County residents age 16 and older with certain health conditions as defined by the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) or disabilities are also still eligible.
Eligibility for this round of vaccine appointments:
You are an employee of the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign
OR
You are in a 1A or 1B category
See the CUPHD website for more information about eligibility.
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
Locations
Rantoul Youth Center1306 Country Club Lane, Rantoul
Online appointments: https://www.signupgenius.com/go/9040F44A4AE22AAFF2-osfcuphd2
Phone appointments: (217) 892-6844
Email address for questions and assistance: vaccinations@myrantoul.com
Note: This site will only be accepting those fitting the criteria who are 18+ years of age.
Meadowbrook Community Church1902 S. Duncan Road, Champaign
Online appointments: https://www.christieclinic.com/about/covid-19-vaccination/
Area Pharmacies
Please continue to check the websites of local pharmacies for available appointments.
If you are eligible to make an appointment in this round, I hope you will strongly consider doing so. If you are not eligible to make an appointment this round, please be patient. We will send another message when CUPHD has more vaccine appointments available.
The university does not control the order of who receives the vaccine or the timelines. We do not yet know which groups will be offered the vaccine next or when.
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must continue to be as diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on the guidance of our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
