Illinois Massmail
Vaccines for students 18 and older with certain conditions
March 5, 2021 1:03 PM
Dear students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) has announced that there are a select number of COVID-19 vaccine appointments available for current students 18 and older with certain health conditions as defined by the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) or disabilities.
Eligibility for this round of vaccine appointments:
You are 18 and older with disabilities or one of the following health conditions as designated by the IDPH:
Cancer (Currently or at any time in your life)
COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease)
Pulmonary disease (Asthma and other lung problems)
Diabetes (Type I or Type II)
Heart condition (Any known heart defect, muscle or blood vessel disorder)
Immunocompromised state from a solid organ transplant
Kidney disease, chronic
Obesity (BMI > 30)
Pregnancy (monitoring physician approval recommended)
Sickle cell disease (including Sickle Cell Trait)
Smoking
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
You must be up-to-date on your COVID-19 testing and show a “Building Access Granted” status in the Safer Illinois app or the Boarding Pass on the day of your appointment.
Location
Campus Recreation Center East (CRCE)1102 W. Gregory Dr., Urbana
Online appointments: mymckinley.illinois.edu
Log in with your NetID and password
Click on the appointment icon on the homepage
Follow the instructions
Email address for questions and assistance: studenthealthcenter@illinois.edu
If you are eligible to make an appointment in this round, I hope you will strongly consider doing so. If you are not eligible to make an appointment this round, please be patient. We will send another message when CUPHD has more vaccine appointments available. The university does not control the order of who receives the vaccine or the timelines. We do not yet know which groups will be offered the vaccine next or when.
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must continue to be as diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on the guidance of our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Graduate Students & Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
