Illinois Massmail
Vaccines for Champaign County residents 16 and older with certain conditions
March 1, 2021 10:21 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) has announced that there are a select number of COVID-19 vaccine appointments available for individuals in 1A and 1B categories, including Champaign County residents age 16 and older with certain health conditions as defined by the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) or disabilities. See the full list of eligible individuals on the CUPHD press release here.
New eligibility for this round of vaccine appointments:
You are a Champaign County resident age 16 and above with disabilities or one of the following health conditions as designated by the IDPH:
Cancer
Chronic Kidney Disease
COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease)
Diabetes
Heart Condition
Immunocompromised State from a Solid Organ Transplant
Obesity
Pregnancy
Pulmonary Disease
Sickle Cell Disease
Other individuals in 1A and 1B may also be eligible. See the full list of eligible individuals for this round on the CUPHD press release here.
Appointments
Vaccinations will be done by appointment only.
Locations
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District
201 W. Kenyon Road, Champaign
Online appointments: https://www.signupgenius.com/go/60B054CA8A82CA5F94-cuphd
Phone appointments: (217) 531-4538
Email address for questions and assistance: coronavirus@c-uphd.org
Christie Clinic3101 Fields South Dr., Champaign
Online appointments: https://www.signupgenius.com/go/10C0D44A4A92AA3F5C43-covid1911
If you are eligible to make an appointment in this round, I hope you will strongly consider doing so. If you are not eligible to make an appointment this round, please be patient. We will send another message when CUPHD has more vaccine appointments available.
The university does not control the order of who receives the vaccine or the timelines. We do not yet know which groups will be offered the vaccine next or when. Individuals with questions about vaccines should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org).
The distribution of a vaccine is welcome news, but we must continue to be as diligent as ever in safety precautions, including regular COVID-19 testing, wearing face coverings, social distancing, hand washing and avoiding large gatherings. Thank you in advance for your understanding as we work through this next phase of the COVID-19 pandemic and rely on the guidance of our public health leaders to make the best decisions for our community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
