Illinois Massmail
Expanded COVID-19 booster eligibility for faculty, staff & students
November 2, 2021 3:57 PM
Dear Faculty, Staff and Students,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District has shared that there is expanded eligibility for COVID-19 boosters for faculty, staff and students.
According to CUPHD, the CDC states eligible individuals may choose which vaccine they receive as a booster dose. Some people may have a preference for the vaccine type that they originally received, and others may prefer to get a different booster. The CDC’s recommendations now allow for this type of mix and match dosing for booster shots. Please bring your original vaccination card if possible.
Eligibility
Moderna, Pfizer and Johnson & Johnson Booster
You must live or work in Champaign County.
You must be fully vaccinated and six months must have passed since your final dose.
You must be 18 years of age and older.
Appointments & Locations
1900 S. First Street, Champaign(east wing of the I Hotel and Conference Center)
Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson boosters available
Nov. 2-4, Nov. 10-11
9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Walk-in: no appointment necessary
1901 N. Market St., Champaign(Kohl’s Plaza)
Pfizer and Moderna boosters available
Nov. 6-7, Nov. 13-14, Nov. 20-21, Nov. 27-28: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Appointments are required. Scheduling is available through MyCarle.
Area pharmacies
Visit vaccinefinder.org for available appointments at local pharmacies.
CUPHD is leading vaccination distribution for employees in our county. See more information from CUPHD about vaccines and boosters here. Champaign County residents with questions should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org).
At this time, the university does not plan to require booster shots, but they are strongly encouraged. Employees may receive a booster shot during work hours without the use of accrued vacation or sick leave.
Thank you for your understanding as we work to continue to maximize safety for our entire community.
Sincerely,
Mike DeLorenzoVice Chancellor for Administration and Operations
This mailing approved by:
Vice Chancellor for Administration and Operations
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
