Illinois Massmail
Moderna, J&J and Pfizer boosters available next week for certain populations
October 22, 2021 4:07 PM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
Next week the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) is hosting Moderna, Johnson & Johnson and Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine booster clinics for those who are eligible. Please bring your original vaccination card if possible.
According to CUPHD, the CDC states eligible individuals may choose which vaccine they receive as a booster dose. Some people may have a preference for the vaccine type that they originally received, and others may prefer to get a different booster. The CDC’s recommendations now allow for this type of mix and match dosing for booster shots.
Eligibility
Moderna and Pfizer Booster
You must live or work in Champaign County.
You must be fully vaccinated and six months must have passed since your final dose.
You must be:
65 years of age or older
18 years of age and older and be:
an individual with underlying health conditions
a resident of a long-term care facility
a healthcare worker (this also includes COVID-19 testing center and lab employees)
a first responder (this includes law enforcement, fire services, emergency medical services, etc.)
Johnson & Johnson Booster
You must live or work in Champaign County.
You must be fully vaccinated and six months must have passed since your final dose.
You must be 18 years of age and older.
Appointments & Locations
1900 S. First Street, Champaign(east wing of the I Hotel and Conference Center)
Oct. 26-27, Nov. 2-4, Nov. 10-11
9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Walk-in: no appointment necessary
1901 N. Market St., Champaign(Kohl’s Plaza)
Pfizer and Moderna boosters available
Oct. 30-31: 8 a.m. to 12:30 p.m.
Nov. 6-7, Nov. 13-14, Nov. 20-21, Nov. 27-28: 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Appointments are required. Scheduling will be available soon through MyCarle.
Area pharmacies
Visit vaccinefinder.org for available appointments at local pharmacies.
CUPHD is leading vaccination distribution for employees in our county. See more information from CUPHD about vaccines and boosters here. If you are not eligible for a booster in this round, please be patient. As we learn more information about next steps, we will update the campus community as soon as we are able. Champaign County residents with questions should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org).
At this time, the university does not plan to require booster shots, but they are strongly encouraged. Employees may receive a booster shot during work hours without the use of accrued vacation or sick leave.
Thank you for your understanding as we work to continue to maximize safety for our entire community.
Sincerely,
Mike DeLorenzoVice Chancellor for Administration and Operations
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
