Illinois Massmail
Pfizer COVID-19 boosters available for 65+ and 50-64 with health conditions
October 1, 2021 9:15 AM
Dear faculty & staff,
Next week the Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) is hosting Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine booster clinics on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday for those who are eligible.
Eligibility
You must live or work in Champaign County.
You must be fully vaccinated for the Pfizer vaccine and six months must have passed since your second dose.
You must be:
65 years of age or older
50-64 with underlying health conditions
a healthcare worker (this also includes COVID-19 testing center and lab employees)
a first responder (this includes law enforcement, fire services, emergency medical services, etc.)
Appointments & Locations
1900 S. First Street, Champaign(east wing of the iHotel and Conference Center)
Oct. 5-7
9 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Walk-in: no appointment necessary
1901 N. Market St., Champaign(Kohl’s Plaza)
Oct. 5-7, Oct. 12-14, Oct. 19-21
10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Appointments can be scheduled through MyCarle
Area pharmacies
Visit vaccinefinder.org for available appointments at local pharmacies.
Please bring your original vaccination card if possible. CUPHD is leading vaccination distribution for employees in our county. If you are not eligible for a booster in this round, please be patient. As we learn more information about next steps, we will update the campus community as soon as we are able. Champaign County residents with questions should contact CUPHD by phone (217-239-7877) or email (coronavirus@c-uphd.org).
At this time, the university does not plan to require booster shots, but they are strongly encouraged. Employees may receive a booster shot during work hours without the use of accrued vacation or sick leave.
Thank you for your understanding as we work to continue to maximize safety for our entire community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty & Extra Help
Massmail Archive
•
