Illinois Massmail
COVID-19 recommendations for before and after Fall Break
October 26, 2021 10:02 AM
Dear Faculty, Staff and Students,
I have been so thankful and inspired by your actions to maximize safety for our entire community this semester. Your decisions to get vaccinated for COVID-19 and to maintain testing schedules have meant that we’ve been able to enjoy this semester on campus together.
I’m also grateful to our local Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) and our own SHIELD team for their continual partnership and science-based recommendations for our community. I’m writing to share additional measures they recommend we all take before and after Fall Break to keep ourselves, our friends and our families safe. As a reminder, all Fall 2021 in-person courses will remain in-person after Fall Break.
COVID-19 recommendations for before and after Fall Break
Receive a COVID-19 vaccine booster as soon as you are eligible.
According to the CDC, studies have shown that COVID-19 vaccine protection may decrease over time. Data show booster shots can increase the immune response in individuals who have been vaccinated for at least six months, which provides increased protection.
CUPHD is offering booster clinics for those who are eligible. If you are not yet eligible, please continue to check your university email frequently. We will share opportunities for additional groups when they become eligible.
Test before and after Fall Break if you are planning to travel.
The CDC says travel can increase your chance of getting and spreading COVID-19. We recommend everyone (even those who are fully vaccinated) utilize our on-campus COVID-19 test sites to take a test before and after you travel, especially if you are planning to be around anyone who is not fully vaccinated or in a high-risk category.
If you are not yet fully vaccinated, you will be required to take an on-campus COVID-19 test on Saturday, Nov. 27 or Sunday, Nov. 28 in order to have building access on Monday, Nov. 29. As a reminder, employees are not required to test on their day off. They should test on their first day back.
On-campus testing sites will be closed on Thursday, Nov. 25 and Friday, Nov. 26 but will have expanded hours until 6 p.m. on Sunday, Nov. 28.
Get your flu shot.
Protect yourself and others by getting a flu shot at an on-campus walk-in flu clinic.
The CDC says flu shots can reduce the risk of flu-associated hospitalization, leaving capacity for patients who may need to be hospitalized due to COVID-19.
As always, we will continue to monitor any spread of COVID-19 on campus and adjust our response as necessary to maximize safety. Thank you again for your continued patience, care and understanding. I wish you all a productive few weeks until you are able to take a well-deserved break.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
