Illinois Massmail
Illinois Cares: COVID-19 Support Program
April 17, 2020 9:24 AM
Dear Students,
We recognize that the COVID-19 pandemic has created some very challenging circumstances for you. In particular, we understand that the rapid transition to remote instruction along with the Governor’s stay-at-home order have led to additional, unexpected financial challenges.
To help those of you with financial needs arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, we have created, using money from the federal CARES Act, through the University of Illinois System's Students FIRST: COVID-19 Emergency Fund, the Illinois Cares: COVID-19 Support Program.
You can submit a request for a grant that does not need to be repaid of up to $1,000 to help with financial challenges associated with COVID-19. Students may request above $1,000 but only in cases of extraordinary need, and those requests will require additional documentation. If you lost your off-campus job, have additional medical expenses or have technology needs associated with the pandemic, we have funds that can help you.
The application for this program is here: http://odos.illinois.edu/community-of-care/emergency-dean-fund/.
You will be asked to describe the type of need that you have and the reason you are requesting financial support. Depending upon the situation, we might ask you for additional information or documentation.
If you are awarded funding, it will come to you in the form of a grant that will be processed through your student account and will be directly refunded to you so that you can use it based upon your need. If you currently have a balance due on your student account, the emergency grant will not be applied towards these charges.
If you have questions about this program, please contact the Office of Student Financial Aid at finaid@illinois.edu or 217-333-0100.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellorAndreas C. CangellarisProvost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Graduate Students & Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools