Illinois Massmail
Extending Spring 2020 Academic Deadlines for Students
April 29, 2020 2:05 PM
Dear Students, Faculty and Staff,
We know the sudden transitions in spring instruction caused by the COVID-19 pandemic have come with new challenges and unwelcome stress. In response to many requests from our students and in consultation with the Academic Senate, we are further extending some key deadlines for student course grading and credit decisions.
For full-semester and for second eight-week courses in Spring 2020, the following deadlines have been extended to May 6:
Drop
Elect credit/no credit
Rescind credit/no credit election
Elect the Grade Replacement Policy
Rescind Grade Replacement Policy election
WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
For all Spring 2020 full-semester and second eight-week courses, all undergraduate and graduate students now have until May 6 to:
Drop a course by 11:59 p.m. CDT via Student Self-Service.
Elect Credit/No Credit or to rescind their election of Credit/No Credit. Credit/No Credit election and rescinding are done through a student’s college office. See the Credit/No Credit FAQ for a list of college offices. IMPORTANT NOTE: Some colleges require consultation with an advisor or dean to elect or rescind Credit/No Credit; this consultation would need to be completed by the time established by the college office. Be sure to contact your college office to find out specifics.
For all Spring 2020 full-semester and second eight-week courses, all undergraduate students now have until May 6 to:
Elect the Grade Replacement Policy or to rescind election of the Grade Replacement Policy. Contact your college office for information on this policy and how to submit the appropriate form(s).
Students in the following professional programs are excluded from the Spring 2020 academic policy modifications and should consult their college with any questions regarding their spring courses:
Doctor of Veterinary Medicine students in the College of Veterinary Medicine
Students in the College of Law
Students in the Carle Illinois College of Medicine
Further details are available in the Academic Policy Modifications – Spring 2020 on the Office of the Provost’s website.
We hope this additional time to make final grading and credit decisions gives our students more and more options in these final weeks of the semester.
And I ask our faculty and instructional staff continue to exercise creativity, flexibility and compassion in structuring your courses in ways to help your students succeed.
Sincerely,
Andreas C. CangellarisVice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Everyone
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools