Illinois Massmail
COV-Course: a free, non-credit course open to the public
August 30, 2020 10:02 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
A new University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign course, COV-Course: A Multidisciplinary Approach to Understanding the Pandemic, will offer a comprehensive, interdisciplinary understanding of the pandemic.
This non-credit course is free and open to the local community, students, parents, staff, faculty and alumni. Classes will be live streamed online from 8:00–9:00 p.m. every Sunday evening during the fall semester, starting Sept. 6. Each session will be archived on covid19.illinois.edu. You can view the course schedule and register here.
The course will showcase how interdisciplinary research and expertise can offer unique perspectives on this global health crisis. Each session will guide you through past, present and future perspectives on the pandemic, with weekly topics that range from history, biology and business to data security, racial disparities, mental health and more.
It will be led by an array of world-class University of Illinois scientists, humanists, social scientists and artists who will share their knowledge and insights about the pandemic and its consequences.
This program was built with support from the Office of the Provost, the Carl R. Woese Institute for Genomic Biology, the Center for Social and Behavioral Science, the Humanities Research Institute, the Interdisciplinary Health Sciences Institute, the Siebel Center for Design, the College of Liberal Arts & Sciences and the Grainger College of Engineering.
I hope you’ll join me in learning more from our expert Illinois scholars and practitioners through this unique opportunity.
Sincerely,
Andreas C. CangellarisVice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Graduate Students & Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools