Illinois Massmail
Submit your positive off-campus COVID-19 test results
December 7, 2020 2:01 PM
Dear undergraduate and graduate students,
We know many of you plan to be away from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign community during Winter Break. Because of this, there is a chance that you may test positive for COVID-19 at an off-campus location. If this happens, we request that you submit your positive off-campus COVID-19 test result through the MyMcKinley Portal.
How to submit your positive off-campus COVID-19 test result
Log into the MyMcKinley Portal.
Click on the “Upload” button on the right side of the menu header.
Choose “COVID-19 Outside Results/Notifications – Urbana-Champaign Campus Only” from the drop-down menu.
Upload your positive COVID-19 test result file.
Important notes
The university needs your positive off-campus results to speed the processing of any repeat positives once you return to campus.
The university needs your positive off-campus results to evaluate your testing requirements if you live in a location that is asked to test every other day. (Currently, individuals who have already tested positive and been released from isolation are not required to increase their testing requirements.)
We only want your positive off-campus test results. Please do not submit any negative results. Negative off-campus results do not replace any mandatory on-campus testing requirements for those who are in the Champaign-Urbana-Savoy area.
Please submit your results well ahead of the beginning of the Spring 2021 semester to ensure a smooth transition.
Thank you so much for all of your efforts to maximize our safety this semester. We hope once this semester is finished, you are able to enjoy a well-deserved break before restarting your classes, research or work.
Sincerely,
Danita M. B. YoungVice Chancellor for Student Affairs
Wojtek Chodzko-ZajkoDean of the Graduate College
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs
sent to:
Graduate Students & Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
