Illinois Massmail
New COVID-19 test tubes to speed results
December 4, 2020 2:03 PM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
We want you to be aware of a small change we are making to the on-campus COVID-19 saliva testing process. Currently, individuals are asked to provide a saliva sample into a large test tube. Beginning this week, individuals will be asked to use a straw to provide a saliva sample into a smaller test tube instead. The shift in process will provide benefits to our on-campus testing process, including:
A more efficient, automated process
Faster lab processing of test results
Fewer invalid/inconclusive results
Reduced plastic waste
On Monday, the CRCE COVID-19 testing site will begin using the new tubes. On Tuesday, the Veterinary Medicine COVID-19 testing site will begin using the new tubes. The university is planning to gradually transition all of the on-campus testing sites to the new tube size. Employees at the testing sites will explain how to use the straw and the smaller tube. The rest of the on-campus testing process will remain the same.
Please be sure to follow all of the regular recommendations for on-campus saliva testing. Please do not eat, drink, brush your teeth, use mouthwash or use tobacco product at least one hour prior to submitting your sample. Also, please make sure the sample you submit is saliva only. Thanks again for your participation and support of our SHIELD testing program.
Sincerely,
Mike DeLorenzo
Senior Associate Chancellor for Administration and OperationsChair, COVID-19 Executive Steering Committee on Return to On-Campus Operations
Matthew Tomaszewski
Executive Associate Provost for Capital Planning Vice Chair, COVID-19 Executive Steering Committee on Return to On-Campus Operations
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
