Illinois Massmail
Dear Students, Staff and Faculty,
We continue to monitor the coronavirus and to take any new actions that are warranted as new information emerges in this rapidly changing situation. Last week’s messages from Provost Cangellaris and from Dr. Parker can be found here if you missed those updates.
As I write today, there are no confirmed cases of the virus in Urbana-Champaign and no individuals who are suspected of being infected. There have been two confirmed cases in the Chicago area in the same family. The McKinley Health Center is regularly updating their website with the latest information on the disease and steps you can take to protect yourself.
But while the virus may not have a physical presence here, we know the situation in China at the moment is very serious and has been the basis for a Level 4 U.S. travel advisory. To those in our community with family and friends navigating this difficult time there, the thoughts of all of us at Illinois are with you. And I would remind all of our students, staff and faculty that we have a number of resources for support and assistance if you are ever in need of them. Students can contact the Student Assistance Center or the Emergency Dean (217-333-0050) or find other resources at odos.illinois.edu/community-of-care. Faculty/Staff Assistance Services (217-244-5312) is the place to start for staff and faculty members.
For other questions and concerns, here are some suggested resources.
Students with questions or concerns about their health or believe they might be experiencing symptoms related to coronavirus infection should contact the McKinley Health Center at 217-333-2700.
Faculty or staff who are concerned about their health or believe they might be experiencing symptoms should call their regular health care provider for guidance.
Faculty, students and staff with questions or concerns about travel plans or the suspension of academic programs in China should contact International Safety and Security at safetyabroad@illinois.edu or call 217-333-6104.
Human Resources staff members in colleges, departments and units who are receiving questions related to employment policies and practices should contact Illinois Human Resources for guidance.
I want to thank everyone in our community for taking steps to protect yourselves and one another. Whether it is wearing a mask because you are concerned about getting or spreading any infection, staying home from work or class when you are sick or getting your annual flu shot, we are all healthier and safer.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Everyone
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools