Illinois Massmail
Fall 2020 Class Schedule Process Update
July 22, 2020 4:08 PM
Dear Students,
The Massmail from June 23, 2020 detailed planned activities around fall schedule modifications and the updated registration process. Following this plan, the Office of the Registrar has reviewed and compiled departmental course revision submissions. Based on the compilation of these submissions:
The majority of revisions to classes involve delivery mode, primarily moving sections online along with some moves to hybrid (mix of in-person and online) delivery. You should expect your revised schedule to include at least some online courses.
The meeting location for in-person courses may have changed.
Although time conflicts are unlikely, you should still review meeting dates and times carefully.
Time tickets were issued July 14. Your time ticket represents the earliest date and time at which you can revise your fall class schedule if you wish in Self-Service. Course Explorer will return to live mode July 31. Please note the information provided on the Registrar’s site about how to recognize if a class is online.
You may have already heard from your home academic unit or perhaps even from instructors of courses in which you are currently enrolled updating you on their plans. If you are seeking clarification on any element of those messages, you are welcome to respond directly to the sender or, if applicable, as detailed in the message text for further guidance. For more general questions about your fall schedule, please contact your academic advisor. Graduate students who have additional questions about their schedules should reach out to their department and/or their advisor.
Thank you for your continued patience and understanding.
Sincerely,
Kevin PittsVice Provost for Undergraduate EducationOffice of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools