Illinois Massmail
Fall 2020 Class Schedule Change Details
June 23, 2020 11:45 AM
Dear Students,
As you know, fall instruction will happen on-campus with social distancing. In order to lower classroom capacities, we have to make some changes to the class schedule.
Class Schedule Change Details
Student registration activity will be closed from July 11 to August 3 to allow departments, the Office of the Registrar and other central administration units to make necessary schedule modifications in the registration system.
Course changes may include:
Moving fully online
Changing to hybrid delivery (e.g., online lecture, in-person discussion )
New meeting times
New meeting locations
Distributed attendance—(e.g., not all students will attend the in-person class each day; instructors will provide schedule plan)
Beginning July 14, students (including new, incoming students) can view their August time tickets. This time ticket is the first day and time at which you may make modifications to your fall class schedule, if necessary.
The majority of schedule modifications will be completed by 6 p.m. on Friday, July 31. Please be aware that it is still important to continue to check your schedule periodically throughout the month of August, as minor modifications may still be made after July 31.
Your academic advisors, department and/or college offices will be reaching out to you starting in late July. Be sure to read any messages carefully and to connect with your advisor early and often with any concerns or questions.
Once changes to fall classes are finished, we will provide all students with an opportunity to review and modify their schedule, if necessary, prior to the start of the semester.
We appreciate your patience throughout this process. We know that uncertainty is frustrating, but please be assured that we are doing all we can to ensure minimal disruptions to your existing class schedule. We will continue to keep you updated as the process progresses. Thank you for your continued flexibility and understanding as we navigate forward together.
Sincerely,
Kevin PittsVice Provost for Undergraduate Education
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Graduate Students & Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools