Illinois Massmail
Dear Students, Faculty and Staff,
The Champaign-Urbana Public Health District (CUPHD) today announced two separate confirmed cases of COVID-19 in our university community. Both individuals are employees. The first was last on campus on March 13. That individual was tested on March 15, received medical treatment and has been in self-quarantine at home since that time. CUPHD has traced the activities of the individual prior to the self-quarantine and contacted the students, employees and community members who may have been in close proximity to the individual. But in this case, the CUPHD believes the risk of transmission is very low. The second employee was tested on March 18. In this case, CUPHD reports this individual has not had any contact with others, is in self-quarantine and the risk of transmission is very low. Federal health privacy laws prevent us from sharing any other information about individuals who have tested positive.
We are told both individuals are recovering at home and our thoughts are with them at this time.
These are the first confirmed cases on campus involving members of the university community, and we thought it was important to share this information today. Additionally, an Illini Alert will be sent on this issue in compliance with Clery Act federal reporting regulations. CUPHD has told us to expect more confirmed cases in the days and weeks to come. Going forward, we will make updates about future cases directly to covid19.illinois.edu, and CUPHD will directly contact any individuals who might have been at risk of exposure by being in the immediate area of newly diagnosed people.
Please continue to check covid19.illinois.edu regularly for current information and resources.
We continue to follow the guidance from public health experts and state officials to take steps to reduce the density of our campus population to allow for greater social distancing and to make the environment safer for those who remain here. Our transition to alternative course delivery will begin on Monday and a large majority of our employees have already transitioned to working remotely. We are working with unit leadership to make any necessary arrangements to comply with Gov. Pritzker’s Stay At Home order for essential employees.
These are our first confirmed cases with a campus connection. With the rapid spread of COVID-19 and rise in reported cases around our state and nation, this is not an unexpected event. But that does not make today’s announcement any less upsetting. And based on predictions by public health officials, we are likely to see more cases among our campus and local community.
We will keep you informed of new information as we learn of it. And we will continue to do all we can to keep our students, faculty, staff and community members as safe as possible.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Everyone
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools