Illinois Massmail
Transitioning back to on-site working
May 28, 2020 9:16 AM
Dear Colleagues,
The University is working within the parameters of guidance and direction provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the State of Illinois, agencies such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and others to prepare for employees to return to on-campus operations.
While no final decisions have been made, it is possible that some employees will start to return to on-campus work beginning on or soon after June 1, 2020. However, your own personal current working arrangements will remain in place until you are given specific new guidance. Any changes to your working arrangements will come with sufficient notice to make any necessary personal arrangements and information about additional safety and health precautions that will be in place.
Please be assured that we are working to return to on-campus working in a safe and responsible way. The use of good handwashing hygiene, face coverings and maintaining the principles of social distancing are important ways we can keep each other safe as we return to on-campus working. To reduce the transmission of COVID-19 infection, all University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign students, employees and visitors who are medically able to do so must wear a face covering in any university building, facility and classroom unless they are physically isolated in a private space or room. The University also requires maintaining six feet of social distancing whenever possible. We will provide two washable, reusable masks for employees and signage will remind all of us of our handwashing, face covering and social distancing requirements.
We recognize that some employees may have unique individual circumstances that make it difficult to transition immediately from working at home or may have health or other considerations that present an elevated risk related to COVID-19. Please discuss with your supervisor or unit HR contact, as soon as possible, if you have a need to continue your current remote-work arrangements. If you are unable to reach an agreement with your supervisor regarding your remote-work arrangement, please contact your unit HR representative or the Labor and Employee Relations area within Illinois Human Resources at IHR-LER@illinois.edu or 217.333.3105. You are not required to share any medical information with your supervisor or HR representatives. Please note that, in some cases, referral to other university units or accommodation processes may be required in accordance with applicable regulations.
Factors to consider when evaluating whether you may need to extend your remote working arrangement may include:
If you or a member of your household fall into one of the categories identified by the CDC as being at high risk for serious complications from the COVID-19 virus, as public health authorities advise consideration of continuing to work remotely when possible; and/or
If schools, day-care centers or day camps are closed or unavailable and you would need to care for a child.
While we cannot guarantee that all requests to delay or modify your transition to on-campus work will automatically be granted, we are committed to finding ways to being flexible with our common goal of returning to on-campus operations in a safe manner.
Sincerely,
Elyne G. ColeSenior Associate Chancellor for Human Resources
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service & Faculty
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools