Illinois Massmail
New credit/no credit and drop deadlines
November 23, 2020 4:48 PM
Dear university community,
In response to advice and input from our students, and approval by the Academic Senate, we are implementing the following academic policy modifications for the Fall 2020 semester. These changes acknowledge the unique and challenging pandemic-related circumstances and the additional stress it has caused for students.
Drop Deadline
The deadline to drop a course without a grade of W and, for undergraduates, to use the campus Grade Replacement Policy, has been extended to 11:59 p.m. CST on Dec. 18, 2020.
This deadline applies to full semester, second eight-week courses and non-standard courses with an end date after Dec. 1, 2020.
Students who want to drop a course that has an end date before Dec. 1, 2020 should contact their academic advisor or college advising office to discuss available options.
Most course drops can be performed through Self-Service until 11:59 p.m. CST on Dec. 18, 2020, unless the drop puts the student below full-time enrollment status. Dropped courses at this point in the semester will not result in any refunds.
Credit/No Credit
The deadline to elect the Credit/No Credit grade mode has been extended to 11:59 p.m. CST Jan. 5, 2021.
Please note the timeline to select Credit/No Credit grading will be different than it was in the Spring 2020 semester; the deadline is after final grades are available.
As we are still working through the implementation details, the time window for students to select Credit/No Credit will not open immediately. Rest assured that all students will have an adequate opportunity to make the CR/NC selection, and the window for selection will extend beyond the end of the semester.
Election of Credit/No Credit for courses this term will not count toward applicable minimums as outlined in the Student Code Section 3-105.
For courses in which Credit/No Credit is elected and Credit is earned (letter grades of C- and higher), the credit is applicable towards major, minor and general education requirements.
Credit/No Credit is not available to DVM, JD or MD students due to professional licensure requirements.
In making decisions about dropping courses or the CR/NC option, consultation with academic advisors, college offices and the Office of Financial Aid for students receiving aid is strongly encouraged. As is always the case, students facing exceptionally difficult or unexpected circumstances that may require other accommodations continue to have the option to seek assistance through their college office.
We understand that this initial communication does not address all details or questions about these modifications and the implications. Please know we are working on a more detailed document and FAQ, which will be available on the Office of the Provost’s policies website. We thank the Academic Senate for their important and timely role in implementing these policy modifications.
Sincerely,
Andreas C. CangellarisVice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs and Provost
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
