Illinois Massmail
Election Day Details
October 13, 2020 8:42 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
As you likely know, the State of Illinois has designated this year’s Election Day, Tuesday, Nov. 3, an official state holiday. Like other state holidays, the university will not hold any classes on that day.
The holiday declaration is intended to enhance opportunities to vote and promote voter safety during the COVID-19 pandemic. There will be on-campus voting locations at the Activities and Recreation Center (ARC), the Illini Union and the University YMCA. Anyone voting on-campus is strongly encouraged to wear a face covering and practice social distancing. For more information about early voting hours and locations or to find your Election Day polling location, visit this website.
There will also be changes to the COVID-19 testing center locations and hours. On Tuesday, Nov. 3, on-campus COVID-19 testing will only be available from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the following locations:
Alice Campbell Alumni Center601 S. Lincoln Ave., Urbana
Campus Recreation Center East (CRCE)1102 W. Gregory Dr., Urbana
Ice Arena406 E. Armory Ave., Champaign
Illini Union Illini Rooms 1401 W. Green St., Urbana
Illinois Street Residence Hall (ISR)1010 W. Illinois St., Urbana
National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA)1205 W. Clark St., Urbana
State Farm Center1800 S. First St., Champaign
Student Dining & Residential Programs Building (SDRP)301 E. Gregory Dr., Champaign
For all employees, this new holiday is treated the same as any other university holiday. Holiday usage and pay policies will apply as they do for all other designated holidays. Employees who are required to work may be eligible for release time to vote per university policy. If you are an employee and you have questions, please contact your unit HR representative or Illinois Human Resources at ihr-ler@illinois.edu or 217-333-3105.
Sincerely,Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
