Illinois Massmail
Get your flu shot
September 28, 2020 8:28 AM
Dear faculty, staff and students,
As we continue to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19, I am asking you to take one more step to maximize the safety of our entire community. Please, get a flu shot. This is an extremely important year to prioritize getting your flu vaccination to help ensure we are each doing what we can to support our local healthcare system, so they can allocate their resources to fighting COVID-19. It is our goal to have everyone in our university community get a flu shot before the end of October. Consider taking this simple action to protect yourself and others.
McKinley Health Center is providing free flu shots to all students who have paid the Health Service Fee. The seasonal flu shot is also available to benefit eligible faculty, staff and retirees. There are several locations across campus between now and the end of October:
Campus Recreation Center East (CRCE)Now-Nov. 20 (Monday-Friday)
Activities & Recreation Center (ARC)Sept. 28-30
Grainger Engineering LibraryOct. 5-8
Business Instructional Facility (BIF)Oct. 12-15
Veterinary Medicine Oct. 20-21
Student Dining and Residential Programs Building (SDRP)Oct. 22-23
Click here for hours & more details.
To learn more about who is eligible, times, locations and components of the vaccine, please visit the McKinley Health Center website. If you plan to come to campus, please keep in mind that you must be up-to-date on your COVID-19 on-campus testing.
If you are a faculty or staff member, and it is more convenient to get a flu shot off-campus, please consider doing so. Carle Hospital and Christie Clinic are both offering flu shots for patients.
Thank you for doing your part to help protect our community.
Sincerely,
Robert J. JonesChancellor
This mailing approved by:
Office of the Chancellor
sent to:
Academic Professionals, Civil Service, Faculty, Extra Help, Graduate Students, Undergraduate Students, Incoming Graduate Students & Incoming Undergraduate Students
Massmail Archive
•
Massmail powered by Webtools