	
On-campus COVID-19 testing now available
July 8, 2020 9:55 AM

Dear Faculty, Staff and Students,

Beginning today, free on-campus COVID-19 walk-up testing will be available to all faculty, staff and students at the following locations:

COVID-19 testing sites

Alice Campbell Alumni Center, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday through Friday
The testing tent is located just north of the building along Lincoln Avenue.
Parking is available near the Alice Campbell Alumni Center, on Illinois Street, at Krannert Center for the Performing Arts and in the lot at the corner of Lincoln Avenue and Illinois Street.
State Farm Center, 8 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday through Friday
The testing site can be accessed through the West Main Circle Drive doors.
Parking is available in the circle drive or the Southwest lot.
What to expect

Testing is free.
This walk-up testing is available only to university employees and students.
Individuals should refrain from eating, drinking, tooth brushing, mouth washing, gum chewing and tobacco use for 30 min before submitting their saliva sample.
Individuals will need to show an iCard or Illini ID (through the Illinois App) and will be asked to provide a saliva sample.
The sample collection only takes a few minutes. Typical test results are expected within five hours but can take up to 24 hours.
Individuals should line up outside the site locations while wearing face coverings and practicing social distancing.
Individuals (faculty, staff and students) will be emailed when their results are available in the McKinley Health Center patient portal.
Inclement weather (extreme heat, lightning, etc.) may force us to temporarily close all COVID-19 tent testing sites. Indoor locations will remain open. If you have concerns, please check the university's COVID-19 website or send an email to covid-19@illinois.edu.
The samples will then be assessed using an innovative process developed by our own COVID-19 SHIELD: Target, Test, Tell team. Unlike conventional nasal testing, saliva samples are collected non-invasively, without healthcare workers and with minimal use of PPE. The lab has received federal Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (CLIA) certification.

More on-campus COVID-19 testing sites will be added in the coming weeks, with more than a dozen planned by August. As additional testing sites become available, we will post the most updated hours and locations here on the university’s COVID-19 website. 

All employees can participate in this testing effort during scheduled work hours without loss of pay. As always, it is important that, in consideration of operational needs, employees coordinate with their supervisor for prior approval to go to the testing during scheduled work hours. 

Widespread testing continues to be one of the key approaches in facilitating a successful return to campus operations. Thank you in advance for doing your part to maximize the safety of our university and our community.

Sincerely,

Robert J. Jones
Chancellor